friends of pro evolution soccer here
We are here to show you how to import
equipment to the fish 2014 then you have already
all the equipment in your usb pendrive what
connect to your playstation 3
you go to saved data tools and
you can copy all the files that
They have a little flag of the country or the logo
of the club
I think the copy and all these are
will be recorded on your hard drive more
will not be in 2014 yet
in this case we are importing the
selections of Central America and
North America
when we have already all we get a
message that the copy has been completed
we go
there are products in soccer
we enter the game is going to load everything
we are between the main menu and then
let's go edit
when we enter to edit that great your
data that you have edited or not
and we're going to address in the menu
start the import menu to import
let's import the equipment and we're going to
give import into the team of your want
then in this case we choose coast
delicious
will load that file
with the full face
will show you
the team the players is the team that
it was already set and you are going to apply the
schools so the names will change
for example costa rica they have names
fictional in this case
as it was edited low of the players
with their real names
besides the uniforms
and with this will be recorded already in your
game and in your console
let's try to do one more time we're going
to import equipment you need data from
team in this case let's catch
Honduras
let's load it
this is loaded very fast
the cove was complete and we are going to demonstrate
the players who loves to join
the raisins Honduras apply in cases
of the elections there is no how
will change for example if you wanted to import
to Honduras on another selection is not
could be about which the game you the
did not the team always ticket
import the equipment that was
about which it was created in another way
would have problems in this case in the
elections there is no chance that you
you can fail
I'm going to show you that we can leave
import I would like to record first
before leaving this then I'm going to
save so you do not have any
problem
about I write the data I had this
it would be recorded
in the edit data
and now if I can exit the mode
edit and also leave the game
you can continue the game
and we go back to the initial part
of playstation 3
remember the folder is called
saved data tools
let's go to that 3 and what I'm going to do
now it's erase
the files that we copy from the usb
pendrive because I do this because of
this way I can import more equipment
then he selected the six countries that
I had imported
or delete deleted those 6
and for example now he's going to put it back
the usb of change in the
computer other equipment
let's go to another recipe if your voice looks
now I have the South American sessions
for example
and I will give copy everything
multiple copy copy all
to put them on the hard drive and then
If you go back to the same steps
we want three can against
elections to import fish 2014
thanks to gladiators is over
in pesos a 'dot com' can not continue
also on facebook twitter and youtube
this is put a dot com chau